So we figure out how to update and everything is working beautifully.
Now how do we delete a book?
Now we could go ahead and write a code to delete a book.
It's not very hard, of course, because we can just invoke the Firebase, our store and go ahead and
delete.
Of course, passing that book.
And we're done.
But it's always a good idea to make sure that users know that they are going to be delete some deleting
something and so give them an option to say no, I changed my mind.
What I mean by that is we're going to show an alert dialog so that we can tell the user, OK, what
are you about to do?
You can reverse this action, which means, are you sure you really want to delete this?
OK.
That's what I'm going to do.
So let's go back down here to where we have a rounded button.
OK.
And I'm going to create a vowel here, call open dialogue.
It's going to be another state.
Say, remember?
And say mutable state.
State of like this, a false.
OK.
Because that's needed in a second, he will say here, I'm going to see if open dialogue that value
is true, then I'm going to say invoke the show.
Alert, sexual alert.
Dialogue and this will take a title.
Which I'm going to say something.
Are you sure?
In fact, I'm going to do something different.
I say string resource resource unless they are not going to be straying over to the string.
And let's go ahead and import this dot app name for now.
So let's go ahead to the string there.
What does it take me there?
Let's go.
Just go and open it ourselves.
Our resource, go to values, go to strings.
I'm going to add.
Another string here.
Call this, sure.
OK.
And I'm going to say, are you
sure you want to delete this book?
I'm going to create another one new one there called it something else to the action.
This action is not reversible like this, so it's nice to put all of our strength inside of this drink
screens example that where we can invoke it from anywhere.
All right.
So instead of app here is going to be sure like that and I'm going to say plus add a new line plus again
and then I'm going to pass yet another string resource.
Are I straying and action like this?
OK.
At the bottom, I'm just going to create a composable
and it's going to be fun call show alert dialog we created and let's pass a few parameters.
So title.
A string.
I'm going to pass the open dialogue, which is going to be a mutable state.
Bullion type like this and then on, yes.
Pressed.
In the past and lambada, they're like this.
All right.
So alert dialogues and compose.
They kind of have to put a little bit of work for them to work.
So this is how you have to do it.
So first, I'm going to check if open dialogue that we're passing the value right is true, then where
we can create a low dialogue.
Someone say alert dialogue and I'm calling the alert dialogue from our composable here, from our from
campus.
So have dismissed request.
We're going to deal with that.
And then I need to pass the title, which is also it's going to be another lambda and I'm going to pass
the text that we want to show another lambda.
And I'm going to pass buttons, which also is another lambda.
OK, let's convert all like this.
I think I won't need that anymore.
All right.
So let's fill the blank.
So for your title?
Let's pass a text that says delete book like lists change.
Maybe this sort of title?
Let's.
Call this message, I think it's probably more appropriate because.
The titles were here.
OK, so the message here for the text.
I was getting a text and pass our message, and then for the buttons, lots and a row because we don't
have the choice of saying yes, I want to delete and no, I don't want to delete.
So what I say, modifier?
Patting all of about eight deep.
Horizontal arrangement, I want to center and then text button, and I just passed on, yes, pressed
like this.
And of course, I want to invoke.
That function and the text title here is going to be of this button.
I'm just going to say yes.
And create yet another text button.
This is going to be, we'll say, text no as such, and we want to happen when we say no one click on
this button, which is going to say open dialogue that value.
You said that false.
What that means, we're just going to close that dialogue.
All right.
That's about it.
About show alert dialog.
Let's go where this is called now.
This is just going to be a message.
Like that, and we're going to add, of course, a lambada looks like.
There's something else I need to pass, right, I need to pass the open dialogue, but that needs to
go through our lambda right to click on.
Yes, pressed what is ever going to happen?
Well, once they said yes, I want to delete this item.
This is when we go ahead and delete it.
How do we do that and say Firebase, if I store get instance and then go to collection, this case is
going to be books and then I need to get that document and I'm going to pass.
Of course, the book ID, because that is the ID we need to delete to get the actual book we want to
delete.
And then we just say delete, and we are going to attach the add on complete listener as such.
And here I'm going to say if.
It is successful, then I'm going to say open dialogue like that mutable state.
Value and said that to false, this just go ahead and kills that, that lock removes the dialogue.
And right after that is I'm going to say NAF controller will say that navigate, get the correct one.
I want to say leaders screen.
I want to go to reader home screen like this.
Now here's the thing.
If you use the NAF controller that pop back, I think Max Stack that will also work.
But it's not going to recompose.
He's not going to do the composition of the main screen reader home screen, which then will give us
updates of the books, right?
So we want to recompose the screen because it's going to call back right.
The main screen is going to go ahead and call our back database and then get the correct books and so
forth.
So you don't want to do this if you want to see the changes that we may have had in our books on my
screen.
So we kind of recompose the screen by saying navigate to the screen so we can show the most up-to-date
slate of the books back can.
Where to put a little note here for you.
So, you know, OK, let's see.
Let's save this.
OK, let's perhaps get a different book.
OK, let me let me see if I can delete that one so I can say delete.
Let's go back.
Something is not right.
We're not able to delete.
Maybe I did not call something.
I didn't call what I was supposed to call the day night call, right?
What happens here is that I forgot to actually, you know, around rounded button here, I'm going to
have to say open dialogue and value and said that to true.
I have to do that.
So the dialogue is open.
This is very important.
That's why we have that state there.
OK, let's give it a try.
OK, let's go ahead here.
Delete, voila!
Says here, delete book.
Are you sure you want to delete this book?
This action is not reversible.
If I say no.
Nothing happens.
Go back.
I say yes.
Takes us back here and you concede we no longer see that running book.
Right?
If I delete this one to just click, that one could say delete.
Say yes back.
And see, we no longer have those books.
That means back in our code or back in our database here.
We see you only have two books now.
I guess those are the books that we have left.
A little dialogue is very strange, like I say, to make it work because we have to have the state as
you see here.
And then we have to check if the state is true and then we can call that dialogue.
I created this show a little dialogue.
I brought him here and we passed the string, the message.
And importantly, we have to pass that state because we still have to check if the value of that state
is true or false for all of this to work.
And while I'm here, I actually forgot here on this miss request.
I'm just going to have open dialogue again value and say that to false light because we dismissing it,
getting rid of that title of the seller dialogue, right?
And so we go along, we pass the title, the text buttons, because the dialogue will need those buttons
right to either say yes or no.
We can add as many buttons as we want, but usually to honor.
OK, very good.
In fact, check can see if I click anywhere else.
This doesn't go away, right?
Because we hadn't added this.
So if I go ahead and rerun this real quick, you will see now we're going to be able to dismiss when
we because we've added the own dismissed request to say toggle this to false, which means get rid of
it.
So now you'll see if I click here, delete, you know, toggle anywhere else, and then we get out of
there, OK?
It's important to add as well, and don't forget to actually on your button to set that to true in order
for you to be able to see that dialog.
Otherwise, as you saw, you won't be able to see it if you don't said that's true because it's not
going to open.
OK.
And there you have it.
We're able to delete and update an item updates to work seconds.
They started reading.
That's fine.
Update We go here, click back again, and can see those updates are showing.
OK.
It's really, really good.
Our app is is coming to an end.
We're getting close to finishing this app and go celebrate.